Updated Built-In Components page to clarify how to use <Input> component (#1546)
ember-learn/guides-source: guides/release/components/built-in-components.md

<button id="button-search" type="button">Search</button>
```

If an attribute is set to a quoted string (`"button-search"` in the prior example), its value will be set directly on the element.

You can also bind the attribute value to a property that you own.
In the next example, the `disabled` attribute is bound to the value of `isReadOnly` in the current context.

```handlebars
<label for="input-name">Name:</label>
<Input
  @id="input-name"
  @value={{this.name}}
  disabled={{this.isReadOnly}}
  maxlength="50"
/>
```

Recall that there were a few exceptions. The following input attributes must be passed as arguments (i.e. do prepend `@`) to the `<Input>` component:

- `@checked`
- `@id`
- `@type`
- `@value`

### Actions

Starting with Ember Octane, we recommend using the `{{on}}` modifier to call an action on specific events such as the [input event](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/HTMLElement/input_event).

```handlebars
<label for="input-name">Name:</label>
<Input
  @id="input-name"
  @value={{this.name}}
  {{on "input" this.validateName}}
/>
```

The event name (e.g. `"focusout"`, `"input"`, `"keydown"`) always follows the casing that the HTML standard uses.

> Due to legacy code, it is possible to call an action by passing an event argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For backwards compatibility with earlier versions of Ember, it is possible to call an action by passing an event argument.
```

```handlebars
<label for="input-name">Name:</label>
<Input
  @id="input-name"
  @value={{this.name}}
  @input={{this.validateName}}
/>
```

The argument name is always dasherized (e.g. `@focus-out`, `@input`, `@key-down`). To minimize confusion, we recommend that you use the `{{on}}` modifier. ([Learn more about the `{{on}}` modifier.](../../upgrading/current-edition/action-on-and-fn/#toc_the-on-modifier))

> Lastly, Ember Classic provided custom input events `@enter` and `@escape-press`. These are not a part of the HTML standard, but may facilitate accessibility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lastly, Ember also provides custom input events `@enter` and `@escape-press`. These events do not exist on native input elements, but you may find them to be useful for handling keyboard interactions.
```

> Starting with Ember Octane, please consider [writing a modifier](../../upgrading/current-edition/glimmer-components/#toc_writing-your-own-modifiers) to separate concerns: The component manages the state, while the modifier manages interactions with the DOM. If you prefer installing an addon, we recommend the `{{on-key}}` modifier from [ember-keyboard](https://github.com/adopted-ember-addons/ember-keyboard). Your action will receive an actual `event` object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The modern, Octane-style way to handle keyboard events is to [write a modifier](../../upgrading/current-edition/glimmer-components/#toc_writing-your-own-modifiers) to separate concerns: The component manages the state, while the modifier manages interactions with the DOM. Your action will receive an actual `event` object. There are also [community-made addons](https://emberobserver.com/?query=keyboard) to help manage keyboard events.

```

Reviewer: Saying that an addon is recommended is sticky business. It's preferred to link to Ember Observer unless there is only one option to talk about (i.e. there is no equivalent to ember-concurrency)

Author: To my understanding, `ember-keyboard` is the only addon that handles complexities (e.g. `key` vs `code`) in listening to keyboard events and provides a modifier as solution. I don't think it'd be a good idea to ask a developer to create their own modifier and risk not addressing the complexities, then breaking the web.

Since the repo is maintained by `adopted-ember-addons` organization, I was thinking it should be okay for us to recommend this addon? The code example of migrating `@enter` and `@escape-press` can be simple because it assumed that the addon has been installed.

Author: I think we could also consider the option of linking to both Ember Observer (in case there will be more keyboard-related addons in the future) and `ember-keyboard`.

```suggestion
The modern, Octane-style way to handle keyboard events is to [write a modifier](../../upgrading/current-edition/glimmer-components/#toc_writing-your-own-modifiers) to separate concerns: The component manages the state, while the modifier manages interactions with the DOM. Your action will receive an actual `event` object.

There are also [community-made addons](https://emberobserver.com/?query=keyboard) to help manage keyboard events. For example, with [ember-keyboard](https://github.com/adopted-ember-addons/ember-keyboard), you can write,
```

```handlebars
{{!-- Before --}}
<Input
  @enter={{this.doSomething}}
  @escape-press={{this.doSomethingElse}}
/>

{{!-- After --}}
<Input
  {{on-key "Enter" this.doSomething}}
  {{on-key "Escape" this.doSomethingElse event="keydown"}}
/>
```

> Note, the `keydown` event was used for `Escape` because `keypress` is deprecated.

Reviewer: Optionally - I think we could probably cut this now. It's been deprecated for a while.

Author: Just in case a developer wasn't aware, I think we can keep it.

### Checkboxes

You can use the
[`<Input>`](https://api.emberjs.com/ember/release/classes/Ember.Templates.components/methods/Input?anchor=Input)

> component to create a checkbox. Please set `@type` to the string `"checkbox"`, and use `@checked` instead of `@value`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
component to create a checkbox. Set `@type` to the string `"checkbox"`, and use `@checked` instead of `@value`.
```

Just edits to match the tone of the rest of the guides.

```handlebars
<label for="admin-checkbox">Is Admin?</label>
<Input
  @id="admin-checkbox"
  @type="checkbox"
  @checked={{this.isAdmin}}
/>
```

> To call an action on specific events, please use the `{{on}}` modifier:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To call an action on specific events, use the `{{on}}` modifier:
```
